let's welcome the mass of our channel
I'm Steve Shaw editorial director at
Tiger fitness com and muscle and brawn
attrition co guys in this video I want
to talk about what separates the pros
the big guys are strong guys the guys
making results from the schmoes the guys
just mucking it out in the gym not
making any progress just doing the same
old same old stuff wondering what the
heck they're doing wrong guys before I
get into that topic I'll encourage you
to check out my Q&A link below come on
over post your questions in that Q&A
link answer every question posted the
best questions I turn into Q&A video
every Saturday so look for that so what
separates the pros from the schmoes what
separates of guys from making all kinds
of gains from the guys that are mucking
it on the gym never making any progress
wondering what the heck is going wrong
searching for magic secrets etc here is
the thing the pros work hard the pros
are consistent and the pros make every
set count the schmoes think they're
working hard they're just moving weight
from point A to point B rarely ever
focusing on progression or getting
stronger they rarely focus on making
every set count sometimes they're
focusing on absolutely the wrong thing
like breaking a sweat or how hard their
they think they're working in the gym
but look a small what separates a crush
mo from a pro is that when a Schmo
trains with the pro they realize they
aren't working as hard as they thought
they're not working hard at all the
schmoes also lack consistency they'll
miss months at the gym each year they'll
miss weeks they'll never be consistent
they'll never stick to a routine
consistently they'll jump programs are
kind of aimless in the gym if you want
to be a pro if you want to kick your
games up a notch if you want to start
increasing your progress number one you
need to be consistent you need to
understand as well that the routine
you're using isn't as important as hard
work and making every set count they're
all routines are basically the same
thing if you're intelligent enough to
pick a routine
that's using the big-hitting exercises
so if you have that in place most
routines are basically the same thing
they're just different ways of doing the
same exercises so all you guys out there
we're obsessed with routine set that
nonsense aside there are only only so
many exercises you can do in the gym as
long as you do in squats deadlifts bench
all that good stuff it doesn't really
matter how you're doing it so you got
that in place not what you need to do is
go into the gym and have a plan you have
to have a plan you can't just go into
the gym and move weight move random
weight you need to know what you worked
on your last workout you need to try to
progress in some way shape or form that
is making every set count if you go in
and you did three sets of barbell curls
or you did three sets of testicular
bench presses last time in the gym and
you don't know what you did or you're
not trying to progress if you're not
trying to make progress and you're just
wasting your effort in the gym you're
wasting your games you need to know hey
last time I did 225 for seven reps on
the bench press and then you need to try
to improve it's as simple as that you
need to have that mindset that do or
destroy that kill-or-be-killed mindset
when it comes to these sets you need to
make every set con so you need to be you
need consistency you need hard work or
making every set count and you need to
get in the gym with some focus some
focus some focus you need to have a plan
you can't just go into the gym and move
weight from point A to point B hard work
consistency hard work consistency and
making every set comp that's what
separates the guys from making
consistent quality games from the
schmoes in the gym who are just moving
weights doing front lateral raises and
all kinds of other random with
no progression plan and they think
they're working hard but they're not
working hard at all so guys hope this
video has been of some help if you have
any questions or comments hit up my Q&A
link below if you made this find this
video if you have to subscribe to my
channel please do not appreciate the
support and if you want to be a SHINee
no longer want to be a Schmo followed a
big hairy ugly dude on social media
all those links are below so guys as
always thanks for watching have a great
day